gcloud permission step (#826)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-publishing/google-cloud-storage.md

In order to publish your generated artifacts to Google Cloud Storage:

1. Log in to your Google Cloud platform [console](https://console.cloud.google.com/).

2. Create a new service account under **IAM & Admin > Service Accounts**.Find more information about how to create a service account [here](https://docs.codemagic.io/knowledge-base/google-services-authentication/#creating-a-service-account).

3. Generate a key as JSON for the service account. This will cause a JSON key file to be downloaded.

4. In the Codemagic web app you should create an environment variable called **GCLOUD_STORAGE_KEY** and add the contents of the Service Account JSON as its value. More information about environment variable groups can be found [here](https://docs.codemagic.io/variables/environment-variable-groups/).

5. Go to your Google Cloud Platform console and open Cloud Storage. Make a note of the name of the bucket you want to upload to or create a new bucket.

> 6. This step is optional, in case you have an existing bucket with necessary permissions.
>    <br>To setup permission go to the permission section of the bucket, Click on **+ Add** and add the service account details with the role of Storage Object Creator and click save.<br><br>
>    ![Google Cloud Storage Permission](../uploads/storage-object-creator-role.png)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. This step is optional, in case you have an existing bucket with necessary permissions.

   To set up permission go to the permission section of the bucket, Click on **+ Add** and add the service account details with the role of Storage Object Creator and click save.

   ![Google Cloud Storage Permission](../uploads/storage-object-creator-role.png)

```
